How is that possible?
A great master and a group of great masters
He was actually sent flying by this beggar
They may be so strong
He must have stolen the power of the Shushan Mountains
Tang Yuntian, are you just watching like this? Come on
Shoot this maniac for me
This little girl
What do you want?
You have to pay for this stinky beggar
Make an enemy of our Shushan
Qin Yuan is my man
Can't do anything to my people
You stole him back.
But he committed the endless Shu Mountains with a lowly body
Fat burning Shushan heavy
Sin is unforgivable
Are you going to take Shu Mountain?
Give it up to a beggar
Argumentative
word incompetence
Received the approval of the Shushan Mountains according to the ancestral teachings
It is the Sect Master of Shushan
Shushan disciple who dares to be unreasonable